Add modelling course (#29)
Public-Health-Scotland/learnr-online: IntroToModelling.Rmd

weights_predict <- tibble(
  weight = 50:120
)
# use our model to predict corresponding height values
weights_predict %>%
  add_predictions(model)
```

<br>

### Interpreting the slope

$$
height = 102.1758 + 0.9336 × weight
$$

The gradient $b_1$ (or we could refer to it as $b_{weight}$ as it affects the $weight$ variable) is often called the **regression coefficient**. This term appears a lot in linear regression and it sounds scarier than it is.

The regression coefficient here links the outcome and predictor variables in the following way:

::: {style="text-align: center;"}
**A 1kg increase in weight changes the predicted height by 0.9336cm**
:::

<br>

## Model diagnostics: part 1

So we've built a model that helps us explain our data and predict unseen values. But is it a good model? And what do we mean by a model being 'good'?

In this section, we'll cover how to examine the output from our `lm()` model and see if it's a good fit for our data (and a good prediction tool!).

<br>

### Using `summary()`

The base R function, `summary()`, provides an overview of the inner workings of the model:

```{r, echo = TRUE, eval = TRUE}
summary(model)
```

> <ol>
> 
> <li>The model formula, with outcome variable \~ predictor variable.</li>
> 
> <li>The minimum, medium, maximum and quartile values of the residuals. We don't need to worry about these too much.</li>
> 
> <li>
> 
> The **coefficients** section:
> 
> <ul>
> 
> <li>The `Estimate` column shows us the intercept and the coefficient (gradient) for the `weight` variable, i.e. $b_0$ and $b_1$.</li>
> 
> <li>The `Std. Error` and `t value` columns, which we don't need to worry about for our purposes.</li>
> 
> <li>The `Pr(>|t|)` column shows us the p-values for the intercept and coefficient. If you're unfamiliar with this term, we will cover them shortly don't worry. For now: if p is very small, we consider this feature of the model to have a significant effect on the outcome variable.</li>
> 
> </ul>
> 
> </li>
> 
> </ul>
> 

Reviewer: Maintain the use of markdown where possible. 

The description of the output could also link up with the section titles to make identification easier, e.g.:
```suggestion
1. **Call:** the model formula, with outcome variable \~ predictor variable.
2. **Residuals:** the minimum, median, maximum and quartile values of the residuals. We don't need to worry about these too much.
3. **Coefficients:**
  - The `Estimate` column shows us the intercept and the coefficient (gradient) for the `weight` variable, i.e. $b_0$ and $b_1$.
  - The `Std. Error` and `t value` columns, which we don't need to worry about for our purposes.
  - The `Pr(>|t|)` column shows us the p-values for the intercept and coefficient. If you're unfamiliar with this term, we will cover them shortly don't worry. For now: if p is very small, we consider this feature of the model to have a significant effect on the outcome variable.
4. **Signif. codes:** ...
5. **Residual standard error:** ...
6. **Multiple R-squared:** ...
7. **F-statistic:** ...
```
